# Examples

Some examples of how to use the library are shown below.

## Image marquee with a gradient

You can add a gradient to the marquee so that the sides of the marquee are more pleasant to look at.

In this example the following props are used:

- `gradient`: `true`
- `gradientColor`: `[255, 255, 255]` (light)
- `gradientColor`: `[0, 0, 0]` (dark)
- `gradientLength`: `30%`

## Card marquee with `pauseOnHover`

The marquee can pause when you hover over the content. This is useful if you want the ability to run additional actions inside the content. For this example the [`pauseOnHover`](/props#pauseonhover) prop is used.

## Image marquee with `pauseOnClick`

You can also use the right click button to momentarily pause the animation. Hold the right click button to pause the animation. Releasing the mouse button will resume the animation. In this example the [`pauseOnClick`](/props#pauseonclick) prop is used.

## Image marquee with `animateOnOverflowOnly`

You can use the [`animateOnOverflowOnly`](/props#animateonoverflowonly) prop to animate the marquee only when the content overflows the container. You can adjust the size of the window to see the effect.

## Vertical marquee

With this component you can also create a vertical marquee. This is useful if you want to create a vertical scrolling list of items.

**You will need to put your marquee inside a parent container with a defined height.** You can also use a fixed width if you want to limit the width of the marquee. The marquee component will otherwise take up the full width of the parent container.

## Listening for events

## Cloning content

If your marquee content is too small to take the width of the full container it will leave an empty space.

You can use the [`clone`](/props#clone) prop to workaround this issue. With this option, `vue3-marquee` will automatically calculate the content and container widths and clone your content to fill the container completely.
